Score Plugin for Topology Aware Scheduler (#220)
kubernetes-sigs/scheduler-plugins: pkg/noderesourcetopology/README.md

### Config

> Enable the "NodeResourceTopologyMatch" Filter plugin and NodeResourceTopologyResourceAllocationScore Score plugin via SchedulerConfigConfiguration.

Author: My mistake. it slipped somehow during the last changes.

>  Enable the "NodeResourceTopologyMatch" Filter plugin and NodeResourceTopologyResourceAllocationScore Score plugin via SchedulerConfigConfiguration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Enable the "NodeResourceTopologyMatch" Filter and Score plugins via SchedulerConfigConfiguration.
```

        - default
        - production
        - test-namespace
  - name: NodeResourceTopologyResourceAllocationScore
    args:
      kubeconfigpath: "/etc/kubernetes/scheduler.conf"
      namespaces:
        - default
        - production
        - test-namespace
      # other strategies are most-allocatable and balanced-allocation

>       scoreschedulingstrategy: "least-allocatable"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      scoringStrategy: "LeastAllocatable"
```

Author: Done
